thclark	rocky_mathey	04-15	lunch	Chicken Wing Bar
thclark	rocky_mathey	04-15	dinner	Indian Butter Chicken
thclark	rocky_mathey	04-15	dinner	Basmati Rice
thclark	whitman	04-15	lunch	Chicken Wing Bar
thclark	whitman	04-15	lunch	Black Beans & Rice
thclark	whitman	04-15	lunch	Chef's Choice Pasta of the Day
thclark	whitman	04-15	dinner	General Tso Chicken
thclark	whitman	04-15	dinner	Chef's Choice Pasta of the Day
thclark	whitman	04-15	dinner	Vegetable Fried Rice
thclark	cjl	04-15	lunch	Roasted French Cut Chicken
thclark	butler_wilson	04-15	lunch	Buffalo Chicken Wings
thclark	forbes	04-15	lunch	Penne Pasta
thclark	forbes	04-15	lunch	Buffalo Chicken Wings
thclark	forbes	04-15	dinner	Jasmine Rice & Grain Blend
thclark	rocky_mathey	04-16	lunch	Chicken Tortilla Soup
thclark	rocky_mathey	04-16	dinner	Chicken Tortilla Soup
thclark	rocky_mathey	04-16	dinner	Herb Roasted Chicken
thclark	rocky_mathey	04-16	dinner	Vegan Brown Rice Pilaf
thclark	whitman	04-16	lunch	Chicken Coconut Curry Soup
thclark	whitman	04-16	lunch	Chicken Marsala
thclark	whitman	04-16	dinner	Chicken Coconut Curry Soup
thclark	whitman	04-16	dinner	Chicken & Broccoli
thclark	whitman	04-16	dinner	Brown Rice
thclark	whitman	04-16	dinner	Chef's Choice Pasta of the Day
thclark	cjl	04-16	dinner	Fresh Sweet Potato & Apples
thclark	butler_wilson	04-16	lunch	Roasted Tofu in Lemon Garlic Sauce
thclark	butler_wilson	04-16	lunch	Fried Chicken & Waffles with Sausage
thclark	butler_wilson	04-16	dinner	Chicken Fried Steak
thclark	forbes	04-16	lunch	Chocolate Fountain
thclark	forbes	04-16	dinner	Baked Chicken with Pomegranate Glaze
thclark	rocky_mathey	04-17	breakfast	Steamed White Rice
thclark	rocky_mathey	04-17	lunch	Basmati Rice
thclark	rocky_mathey	04-17	dinner	Chicken Nuggets Bar
thclark	whitman	04-17	lunch	Chef's Choice Pasta of the Day
thclark	whitman	04-17	lunch	Whole Grain Brown Basmati Rice
thclark	whitman	04-17	dinner	Chef's Choice Pasta of the Day
thclark	cjl	04-17	lunch	Teriyaki Chicken
thclark	cjl	04-17	dinner	Honey Glazed Chicken
thclark	cjl	04-17	dinner	Mediterranean Pasta with Greens
thclark	butler_wilson	04-17	lunch	Chicken Corn Chowder
thclark	butler_wilson	04-17	lunch	Chicken Fingers
thclark	butler_wilson	04-17	dinner	Roasted Boneless Chicken Breast
thclark	butler_wilson	04-17	dinner	Rice Pilaf
thclark	forbes	04-17	lunch	Chicken Soup with Ditalini
thclark	forbes	04-17	lunch	Pasta Selection of the Day
thclark	forbes	04-17	dinner	Honey & Sage Roasted Chicken
thclark	forbes	04-17	dinner	Kamut Grain & Rice Blend
thclark	grad	04-17	dinner	Chicken Gumbo Soup
mhammel	grad	04-17	dinner	Chipotle Roasted Sweet Potatoes
thclark	grad	04-17	dinner	Rice & Pigeon Peas
thclark	rocky_mathey	04-18	lunch	Black Eyed Peas & Rice
thclark	rocky_mathey	04-18	lunch	Chicken Tagine with Olives
thclark	rocky_mathey	04-18	lunch	Steamed Jasmine Rice
thclark	rocky_mathey	04-18	dinner	Chicken Romaine
thclark	whitman	04-18	lunch	Chicken Rice Soup
thclark	whitman	04-18	lunch	Chicken Rice Soup
thclark	whitman	04-18	lunch	Chef's Choice Pasta of the Day
thclark	whitman	04-18	lunch	Sticky Rice
thclark	whitman	04-18	dinner	Chicken Rice Soup
thclark	whitman	04-18	dinner	Chicken Rice Soup
thclark	whitman	04-18	dinner	Chicken Fajitas
thclark	whitman	04-18	dinner	Chef's Choice Pasta of the Day
thclark	whitman	04-18	dinner	Spanish Rice
thclark	cjl	04-18	dinner	Chicken Piccata
thclark	butler_wilson	04-18	dinner	General Tso Chicken
thclark	butler_wilson	04-18	dinner	Vegetable Fried Rice
mhammel	forbes	04-18	breakfast	Spiced Roasted Butternut Squash & Sweet Potatoes
thclark	forbes	04-18	lunch	Pasta Selection of the Day
thclark	forbes	04-18	lunch	Avocado & Strawberry Salad with Oranges
thclark	forbes	04-18	dinner	Southern Fried Chicken
thclark	forbes	04-18	dinner	Steamed Long Grain Rice
thclark	grad	04-18	dinner	Chicken with Mushroom Sauce (Contains Alcohol)
thclark	grad	04-18	dinner	Pasta & Broccoli Rabe
thclark	rocky_mathey	04-19	breakfast	Steamed White Rice
thclark	rocky_mathey	04-19	lunch	Chicken Chili Rellano Casserole
thclark	rocky_mathey	04-19	dinner	Quinoa & Kale Salad with Lemon
thclark	whitman	04-19	lunch	Chef's Choice Pasta of the Day
thclark	whitman	04-19	dinner	Chicken Tikka Masala
thclark	whitman	04-19	dinner	Brown Basmati Rice
thclark	whitman	04-19	dinner	Chef's Choice Pasta of the Day
thclark	cjl	04-19	dinner	Hawaiian Chicken with Papaya Pineapple Relish
thclark	cjl	04-19	dinner	Cuban Tofu, Rice & Plantain
thclark	cjl	04-19	dinner	Pasta Bar
thclark	butler_wilson	04-19	lunch	Chicken with Mushroom Ragout
thclark	butler_wilson	04-19	dinner	Chicken Wing Bar
thclark	forbes	04-19	lunch	Chicken Soup
thclark	forbes	04-19	lunch	Pasta Selection of the Day
thclark	forbes	04-19	lunch	Southwest Chicken Salad
thclark	grad	04-19	dinner	Tandoori Chicken
thclark	grad	04-19	dinner	Basmati Rice
thclark	rocky_mathey	04-20	lunch	Jamaican Chicken Curry
thclark	rocky_mathey	04-20	lunch	Red Beans & Rice
thclark	whitman	04-20	lunch	Chicken Tortilla Soup
thclark	whitman	04-20	lunch	Chicken Cacciatore
thclark	whitman	04-20	lunch	Chef's Choice Pasta of the Day
thclark	whitman	04-20	dinner	Chicken Tortilla Soup
thclark	whitman	04-20	dinner	Chef's Choice Pasta of the Day
thclark	cjl	04-20	lunch	Lemon Pepper Pasta & Fresh Broccoli
thclark	cjl	04-20	lunch	Lemon Pepper Pasta & Fresh Broccoli
thclark	butler_wilson	04-20	lunch	Chicken & Broccoli
thclark	forbes	04-20	lunch	Chicken Soup with Ancini di Pepe
thclark	forbes	04-20	lunch	Pasta Selection of the Day
thclark	forbes	04-20	lunch	Southern Fried Chicken
thclark	forbes	04-20	dinner	Caribbean Style Curried Chicken
thclark	forbes	04-20	dinner	Mussels with White Wine, Fennel & Lemon
thclark	forbes	04-20	dinner	Himalayan Red Rice
thclark	grad	04-20	dinner	Chicken Soup with Ancini di Pepe
thclark	grad	04-20	dinner	Chicken Parmesan
thclark	rocky_mathey	04-21	breakfast	Steamed White Rice
thclark	rocky_mathey	04-21	lunch	Buffalo Chicken Macaroni & Cheese
thclark	rocky_mathey	04-21	lunch	Chicken Fingers
thclark	whitman	04-21	lunch	Braised Red Cabbage with Apples
thclark	whitman	04-21	lunch	Chef's Choice Pasta of the Day
thclark	whitman	04-21	dinner	Chef's Choice Pasta of the Day
thclark	whitman	04-21	dinner	Cilantro Rice
thclark	cjl	04-21	lunch	Brown Rice
thclark	cjl	04-21	lunch	Chicken Wing Bar
thclark	cjl	04-21	dinner	Paella Valenciana with Chicken
thclark	cjl	04-21	dinner	Jamaican Beans & Rice
thclark	forbes	04-21	lunch	Chicken Vegetable Soup
thclark	forbes	04-21	lunch	Radiatori Pasta
thclark	forbes	04-21	lunch	Chicken Salad Wrap
thclark	forbes	04-21	dinner	Jasmine Rice & Orange Seitan
thclark	forbes	04-21	dinner	Lemon Mint Rice
thclark	forbes	04-21	dinner	Lemon Mint Rice
thclark	grad	04-21	dinner	Chicken & Sausage Gumbo
