thclark	Oatmeal Bar	05-02	breakfast	Whitman	Oatmeal Bar
arburton	Chicken	05-02	lunch	Whitman	Sancocho - Chicken & Root Vegetable Soup
gjerfel	Chicken	05-02	lunch	Whitman	Sancocho - Chicken & Root Vegetable Soup
arburton	Chicken	05-02	lunch	Whitman	Sweet & Sour Chicken
gjerfel	Chicken	05-02	lunch	Whitman	Sweet & Sour Chicken
arburton	Chicken	05-02	dinner	Whitman	Sancocho - Chicken & Root Vegetable Soup
gjerfel	Chicken	05-02	dinner	Whitman	Sancocho - Chicken & Root Vegetable Soup
thclark	Buttermilk Pancakes	05-02	breakfast	Butler/Wilson	Buttermilk Pancakes
thclark	Oatmeal Bar	05-02	breakfast	Butler/Wilson	Oatmeal Bar
arburton	Chicken	05-02	lunch	Butler/Wilson	Chicken Barley Soup
gjerfel	Chicken	05-02	lunch	Butler/Wilson	Chicken Barley Soup
arburton	Chicken	05-02	lunch	Butler/Wilson	General Tso Chicken
gjerfel	Chicken	05-02	lunch	Butler/Wilson	General Tso Chicken
arburton	Chicken	05-02	dinner	Butler/Wilson	Chicken Barley Soup
gjerfel	Chicken	05-02	dinner	Butler/Wilson	Chicken Barley Soup
thclark	Buttermilk Pancakes	05-02	breakfast	Forbes	Buttermilk Pancakes
arburton	Chicken	05-02	lunch	Forbes	Chicken Soup with Ancini di Pepe
gjerfel	Chicken	05-02	lunch	Forbes	Chicken Soup with Ancini di Pepe
wnolan	french fries	05-02	lunch	Forbes	Fresh Hand Cut Idaho French Fries
arburton	Chicken	05-02	dinner	Forbes	Chicken with Mushrooms and Leeks
gjerfel	Chicken	05-02	dinner	Forbes	Chicken with Mushrooms and Leeks
kfarmer	Waffles	05-02	breakfast	the Center For Jewish Life	Eggo Waffles
kfarmer	pizza	05-02	lunch	the Center For Jewish Life	Pizza Station
arburton	Chicken	05-02	lunch	Rocky/Mathey	Roma Halal House Chicken Soup
gjerfel	Chicken	05-02	lunch	Rocky/Mathey	Roma Halal House Chicken Soup
arburton	Chicken	05-02	dinner	Rocky/Mathey	Roma Halal House Chicken Soup
gjerfel	Chicken	05-02	dinner	Rocky/Mathey	Roma Halal House Chicken Soup
wabeck	Roast beef	05-02	dinner	Rocky/Mathey	Roast Beef with Red Wine Demi-Glace
arburton	Chicken	05-02	dinner	Rocky/Mathey	Chicken Wing Bar
gjerfel	Chicken	05-02	dinner	Rocky/Mathey	Chicken Wing Bar
thclark	Oatmeal Bar	05-08	breakfast	Whitman	Oatmeal Bar
arburton	Chicken	05-08	lunch	Whitman	Chicken Noodle Soup
ra4	Chicken	05-08	lunch	Whitman	Chicken Noodle Soup
gjerfel	Chicken	05-08	lunch	Whitman	Chicken Noodle Soup
arburton	Chicken	05-08	lunch	Whitman	Chicken & Dumplings
ra4	Chicken	05-08	lunch	Whitman	Chicken & Dumplings
gjerfel	Chicken	05-08	lunch	Whitman	Chicken & Dumplings
arburton	Chicken	05-08	lunch	Whitman	Chicken Gyro
ra4	Chicken	05-08	lunch	Whitman	Chicken Gyro
gjerfel	Chicken	05-08	lunch	Whitman	Chicken Gyro
arburton	Chicken	05-08	dinner	Whitman	Chicken Noodle Soup
ra4	Chicken	05-08	dinner	Whitman	Chicken Noodle Soup
gjerfel	Chicken	05-08	dinner	Whitman	Chicken Noodle Soup
arburton	Chicken	05-08	dinner	the Graduate College	Cuban Roast Chicken
ra4	Chicken	05-08	dinner	the Graduate College	Cuban Roast Chicken
gjerfel	Chicken	05-08	dinner	the Graduate College	Cuban Roast Chicken
thclark	Oatmeal Bar	05-08	breakfast	Butler/Wilson	Oatmeal Bar
arburton	Chicken	05-08	lunch	Butler/Wilson	Chicken Corn Chowder
ra4	Chicken	05-08	lunch	Butler/Wilson	Chicken Corn Chowder
gjerfel	Chicken	05-08	lunch	Butler/Wilson	Chicken Corn Chowder
arburton	Chicken	05-08	lunch	Butler/Wilson	Chicken Fingers
ra4	Chicken	05-08	lunch	Butler/Wilson	Chicken Fingers
gjerfel	Chicken	05-08	lunch	Butler/Wilson	Chicken Fingers
thclark	Macaroni & Cheese	05-08	lunch	Butler/Wilson	Macaroni & Cheese with Tasso Ham & Shrimp
arburton	Chicken	05-08	dinner	Butler/Wilson	Roasted Boneless Chicken Breast
ra4	Chicken	05-08	dinner	Butler/Wilson	Roasted Boneless Chicken Breast
gjerfel	Chicken	05-08	dinner	Butler/Wilson	Roasted Boneless Chicken Breast
wnolan	french fries	05-08	lunch	Forbes	Fresh Hand Cut Idaho French Fries
arburton	Chicken	05-08	dinner	Forbes	Southern Fried Chicken
ra4	Chicken	05-08	dinner	Forbes	Southern Fried Chicken
gjerfel	Chicken	05-08	dinner	Forbes	Southern Fried Chicken
thclark	Macaroni & Cheese	05-08	dinner	Forbes	Baked Macaroni & Cheese
kfarmer	Waffles	05-08	breakfast	the Center For Jewish Life	Eggo Waffles
wnolan	french fries	05-08	lunch	the Center For Jewish Life	Spicy French Fries
arburton	Chicken	05-08	dinner	the Center For Jewish Life	Chicken Tenders
wdap	Chicken tenders	05-08	dinner	the Center For Jewish Life	Chicken Tenders
kfarmer	tenders	05-08	dinner	the Center For Jewish Life	Chicken Tenders
ra4	Chicken	05-08	dinner	the Center For Jewish Life	Chicken Tenders
gjerfel	Chicken	05-08	dinner	the Center For Jewish Life	Chicken Tenders
thclark	Buttermilk Pancakes	05-08	breakfast	Rocky/Mathey	Buttermilk Pancakes
arburton	Chicken	05-08	lunch	Rocky/Mathey	Ginger Glazed Chicken
ra4	Chicken	05-08	lunch	Rocky/Mathey	Ginger Glazed Chicken
gjerfel	Chicken	05-08	lunch	Rocky/Mathey	Ginger Glazed Chicken
arburton	Chicken	05-08	lunch	Rocky/Mathey	Ginger Chicken & Noodles
ra4	Chicken	05-08	lunch	Rocky/Mathey	Ginger Chicken & Noodles
gjerfel	Chicken	05-08	lunch	Rocky/Mathey	Ginger Chicken & Noodles
