arburton	Chicken	rocky_mathey	04-23	dinner	Chicken Cacciatore
gjerfel	Chicken	rocky_mathey	04-23	dinner	Chicken Cacciatore
kfarmer	bread	whitman	04-23	lunch	Garlic Bread & Green Bean Salad
tmurtha	Swedish Meatballs	whitman	04-23	lunch	Swedish Meatballs
kfarmer	bread	whitman	04-23	dinner	Garlic Bread & Green Bean Salad
thclark	beef taco	whitman	04-23	dinner	Beef Taco
arburton	Chicken	whitman	04-23	dinner	Chicken Tacos
wabeck	Tacos	whitman	04-23	dinner	Chicken Tacos
gjerfel	Chicken	whitman	04-23	dinner	Chicken Tacos
arburton	Chicken	butler_wilson	04-23	lunch	Fried Chicken & Waffles with Sausage
kfarmer	Waffles	butler_wilson	04-23	lunch	Fried Chicken & Waffles with Sausage
gjerfel	Chicken	butler_wilson	04-23	lunch	Fried Chicken & Waffles with Sausage
thclark	lemon	forbes	04-23	lunch	Lemon Ricotta Pancakes
arburton	Chicken	forbes	04-23	dinner	Buffalo Chicken Drumsticks
gjerfel	Chicken	forbes	04-23	dinner	Buffalo Chicken Drumsticks
wabeck	Roast beef	forbes	04-23	dinner	Halal Roast Beef
arburton	Chicken	rocky_mathey	04-24	lunch	Cream of Chicken Soup
gjerfel	Chicken	rocky_mathey	04-24	lunch	Cream of Chicken Soup
arburton	Chicken	rocky_mathey	04-24	dinner	Cream of Chicken Soup
gjerfel	Chicken	rocky_mathey	04-24	dinner	Cream of Chicken Soup
arburton	Chicken	whitman	04-24	lunch	Chicken & White Bean Soup
gjerfel	Chicken	whitman	04-24	lunch	Chicken & White Bean Soup
arburton	Chicken	whitman	04-24	dinner	Chicken & White Bean Soup
gjerfel	Chicken	whitman	04-24	dinner	Chicken & White Bean Soup
thclark	lemon	whitman	04-24	dinner	Honey Brined Lemon Sage Turkey
kfarmer	Waffles	cjl	04-24	breakfast	Eggo Waffles
arburton	Chicken	cjl	04-24	lunch	Philly Chicken Steak Sandwich
gjerfel	Chicken	cjl	04-24	lunch	Philly Chicken Steak Sandwich
arburton	Chicken	cjl	04-24	dinner	Citrus Grilled Chicken
gjerfel	Chicken	cjl	04-24	dinner	Citrus Grilled Chicken
kfarmer	bread	cjl	04-24	dinner	Budin - Puerto Rican Bread Pudding
arburton	Chicken	butler_wilson	04-24	lunch	Chicken Noodle Soup
gjerfel	Chicken	butler_wilson	04-24	lunch	Chicken Noodle Soup
kfarmer	bread	butler_wilson	04-24	lunch	Corn Bread
arburton	Chicken	butler_wilson	04-24	dinner	Chicken Noodle Soup
gjerfel	Chicken	butler_wilson	04-24	dinner	Chicken Noodle Soup
arburton	Chicken	butler_wilson	04-24	dinner	Baked Chicken
gjerfel	Chicken	butler_wilson	04-24	dinner	Baked Chicken
wnolan	french fries	forbes	04-24	lunch	Fresh Hand Cut Idaho French Fries
arburton	Chicken	forbes	04-24	dinner	Mediterranean Chicken
gjerfel	Chicken	forbes	04-24	dinner	Mediterranean Chicken
arburton	Chicken	rocky_mathey	04-25	dinner	Sauteed Chicken Marsala
gjerfel	Chicken	rocky_mathey	04-25	dinner	Sauteed Chicken Marsala
arburton	Chicken	whitman	04-25	lunch	Halal Chicken Parmesan
kkabaria	chicken parmesan	whitman	04-25	lunch	Halal Chicken Parmesan
wdap	Chicken parmesan	whitman	04-25	lunch	Halal Chicken Parmesan
gjerfel	Chicken	whitman	04-25	lunch	Halal Chicken Parmesan
arburton	Chicken	whitman	04-25	dinner	Chicken Long Rice Soup
gjerfel	Chicken	whitman	04-25	dinner	Chicken Long Rice Soup
arburton	Chicken	whitman	04-25	dinner	Huli huli Chicken
gjerfel	Chicken	whitman	04-25	dinner	Huli huli Chicken
kfarmer	Waffles	cjl	04-25	breakfast	Eggo Waffles
kfarmer	pizza	cjl	04-25	lunch	Pizza Station
arburton	Chicken	butler_wilson	04-25	lunch	Chicken Tikka Masala
gjerfel	Chicken	butler_wilson	04-25	lunch	Chicken Tikka Masala
mhammel	sweet potatoes	forbes	04-25	breakfast	Spiced Roasted Butternut Squash & Sweet Potatoes
arburton	Chicken	forbes	04-25	lunch	Chicken Vegetable Soup
gjerfel	Chicken	forbes	04-25	lunch	Chicken Vegetable Soup
thclark	beef taco	forbes	04-25	lunch	Beef Taco Filling
arburton	Chicken	grad	04-25	dinner	Chicken Noodle Soup
gjerfel	Chicken	grad	04-25	dinner	Chicken Noodle Soup
arburton	Chicken	grad	04-25	dinner	Kamut & Local Honey & Lavender Roasted Chicken Breast
gjerfel	Chicken	grad	04-25	dinner	Kamut & Local Honey & Lavender Roasted Chicken Breast
thclark	lemon	rocky_mathey	04-26	dinner	Broiled Steelhead Trout with Lemon Butter
ax2	dim sum	rocky_mathey	04-26	dinner	Dim Sum Bar
arburton	Chicken	whitman	04-26	lunch	Moroccan Chicken & Lentil Soup
gjerfel	Chicken	whitman	04-26	lunch	Moroccan Chicken & Lentil Soup
arburton	Chicken	whitman	04-26	lunch	Chicken Pot Pie
wdap	chicken pot pie	whitman	04-26	lunch	Chicken Pot Pie
gjerfel	Chicken	whitman	04-26	lunch	Chicken Pot Pie
arburton	Chicken	whitman	04-26	dinner	Moroccan Chicken & Lentil Soup
gjerfel	Chicken	whitman	04-26	dinner	Moroccan Chicken & Lentil Soup
arburton	Chicken	whitman	04-26	dinner	Mediterranean Chicken
gjerfel	Chicken	whitman	04-26	dinner	Mediterranean Chicken
kfarmer	Waffles	cjl	04-26	breakfast	Eggo Waffles
wabeck	Roast beef	cjl	04-26	lunch	Roast Beef & Horseradish Sandwich
arburton	Chicken	cjl	04-26	lunch	Asian Chicken & Noodle Station
gjerfel	Chicken	cjl	04-26	lunch	Asian Chicken & Noodle Station
arburton	Chicken	cjl	04-26	dinner	Chicken Tenders
wdap	Chicken tenders	cjl	04-26	dinner	Chicken Tenders
kfarmer	tenders	cjl	04-26	dinner	Chicken Tenders
gjerfel	Chicken	cjl	04-26	dinner	Chicken Tenders
wabeck	Kielbasa	butler_wilson	04-26	lunch	Kielbasa & Kraut
arburton	Chicken	butler_wilson	04-26	dinner	Chicken Parmesan
kkabaria	chicken parmesan	butler_wilson	04-26	dinner	Chicken Parmesan
wdap	Chicken parmesan	butler_wilson	04-26	dinner	Chicken Parmesan
gjerfel	Chicken	butler_wilson	04-26	dinner	Chicken Parmesan
arburton	Chicken	forbes	04-26	lunch	Fried Chicken Tenders
wdap	Chicken tenders	forbes	04-26	lunch	Fried Chicken Tenders
kfarmer	tenders	forbes	04-26	lunch	Fried Chicken Tenders
gjerfel	Chicken	forbes	04-26	lunch	Fried Chicken Tenders
arburton	Chicken	forbes	04-26	dinner	Chicken Tarragon
gjerfel	Chicken	forbes	04-26	dinner	Chicken Tarragon
thclark	lemon	forbes	04-26	dinner	Lemon Mint Rice
arburton	Chicken	grad	04-26	dinner	Caribbean Style Curried Chicken
gjerfel	Chicken	grad	04-26	dinner	Caribbean Style Curried Chicken
arburton	Chicken	rocky_mathey	04-27	dinner	Southern Fried Chicken
gjerfel	Chicken	rocky_mathey	04-27	dinner	Southern Fried Chicken
wabeck	Kielbasa	rocky_mathey	04-27	dinner	Kielbasa & Kraut
kfarmer	Waffles	cjl	04-27	breakfast	Eggo Waffles
wnolan	french fries	cjl	04-27	lunch	Spicy French Fries
kfarmer	pizza	cjl	04-27	dinner	Pizza Station
arburton	Chicken	butler_wilson	04-27	lunch	Southern Fried Chicken
gjerfel	Chicken	butler_wilson	04-27	lunch	Southern Fried Chicken
arburton	Chicken	forbes	04-27	lunch	Chicken Soup
gjerfel	Chicken	forbes	04-27	lunch	Chicken Soup
arburton	Chicken	forbes	04-27	lunch	Buffalo Chicken Drumsticks
gjerfel	Chicken	forbes	04-27	lunch	Buffalo Chicken Drumsticks
arburton	Chicken	forbes	04-27	dinner	Soy Glazed Chicken Thighs with Asparagus
gjerfel	Chicken	forbes	04-27	dinner	Soy Glazed Chicken Thighs with Asparagus
arburton	Chicken	grad	04-27	dinner	Chicken Cacciatore
gjerfel	Chicken	grad	04-27	dinner	Chicken Cacciatore
arburton	Chicken	whitman	04-28	lunch	Chicken Udon Noodle Soup
gjerfel	Chicken	whitman	04-28	lunch	Chicken Udon Noodle Soup
arburton	Chicken	whitman	04-28	lunch	Tortilla-Crusted Chicken
gjerfel	Chicken	whitman	04-28	lunch	Tortilla-Crusted Chicken
arburton	Chicken	whitman	04-28	dinner	Chicken Udon Noodle Soup
gjerfel	Chicken	whitman	04-28	dinner	Chicken Udon Noodle Soup
thclark	lemon	whitman	04-28	dinner	Lemon Thyme Orzo
kfarmer	Waffles	cjl	04-28	breakfast	Eggo Waffles
arburton	Chicken	cjl	04-28	lunch	Grilled Chicken Sandwich
gjerfel	Chicken	cjl	04-28	lunch	Grilled Chicken Sandwich
arburton	Chicken	cjl	04-28	dinner	Roast Chicken Creole
gjerfel	Chicken	cjl	04-28	dinner	Roast Chicken Creole
kfarmer	bread	cjl	04-28	dinner	Challah Bread
arburton	Chicken	butler_wilson	04-28	lunch	Chicken Tortilla Soup
gjerfel	Chicken	butler_wilson	04-28	lunch	Chicken Tortilla Soup
wabeck	Roast beef	butler_wilson	04-28	lunch	Roast Beef with Red Wine Demi-Glace
arburton	Chicken	butler_wilson	04-28	dinner	Chicken Tortilla Soup
gjerfel	Chicken	butler_wilson	04-28	dinner	Chicken Tortilla Soup
arburton	Chicken	forbes	04-28	lunch	Teriyaki Chicken & Veg Salad
gjerfel	Chicken	forbes	04-28	lunch	Teriyaki Chicken & Veg Salad
wnolan	french fries	forbes	04-28	lunch	Fresh Hand Cut Idaho French Fries
thclark	beef taco	forbes	04-28	dinner	Beef Taco Filling
arburton	Chicken	forbes	04-28	dinner	Soft Chicken Taco
gjerfel	Chicken	forbes	04-28	dinner	Soft Chicken Taco
kkabaria	breakfast burrito	whitman	04-29	lunch	Breakfast Burrito Bar with Chorizo
arburton	Chicken	whitman	04-29	lunch	Chicken Wing Bar
gjerfel	Chicken	whitman	04-29	lunch	Chicken Wing Bar
arburton	Chicken	whitman	04-29	dinner	Jerk Chicken
gjerfel	Chicken	whitman	04-29	dinner	Jerk Chicken
arburton	Chicken	cjl	04-29	lunch	Roasted French Cut Chicken
gjerfel	Chicken	cjl	04-29	lunch	Roasted French Cut Chicken
arburton	Chicken	cjl	04-29	dinner	Chicken & Romaine Wrap
gjerfel	Chicken	cjl	04-29	dinner	Chicken & Romaine Wrap
arburton	Chicken	butler_wilson	04-29	lunch	Buffalo Chicken Wings
gjerfel	Chicken	butler_wilson	04-29	lunch	Buffalo Chicken Wings
arburton	Chicken	forbes	04-29	lunch	Buffalo Chicken Wings
gjerfel	Chicken	forbes	04-29	lunch	Buffalo Chicken Wings
wabeck	Roast beef	rocky_mathey	04-30	lunch	Roast Beef
arburton	Chicken	rocky_mathey	04-30	dinner	Chicken Murphy with Sausage
gjerfel	Chicken	rocky_mathey	04-30	dinner	Chicken Murphy with Sausage
arburton	Chicken	whitman	04-30	lunch	Thai Chicken Coconut Soup
gjerfel	Chicken	whitman	04-30	lunch	Thai Chicken Coconut Soup
arburton	Chicken	whitman	04-30	dinner	Thai Chicken Coconut Soup
gjerfel	Chicken	whitman	04-30	dinner	Thai Chicken Coconut Soup
arburton	Chicken	whitman	04-30	dinner	Chicken Principessa
gjerfel	Chicken	whitman	04-30	dinner	Chicken Principessa
kfarmer	Waffles	cjl	04-30	lunch	Top Your Own Waffles
arburton	Chicken	butler_wilson	04-30	lunch	Fried Chicken & Waffles with Sausage
kfarmer	Waffles	butler_wilson	04-30	lunch	Fried Chicken & Waffles with Sausage
gjerfel	Chicken	butler_wilson	04-30	lunch	Fried Chicken & Waffles with Sausage
arburton	Chicken	forbes	04-30	dinner	Chicken Alfredo with White Wine Pancetta
gjerfel	Chicken	forbes	04-30	dinner	Chicken Alfredo with White Wine Pancetta
